ACD-618 (#30)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Channels/Integration/03_ConfigureLogging.md

[!!User interface Logging](../UserInterface/07d_Logging.md)

# Configure the logging settings

> Configure in the logging settings the log levels of messages to be stored and their retention time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure in the logging settings the log levels for the messages to be stored and their retention time.
```

## Define the minimum log level

> Define the minimum log level from which all messages will be stored with the selected and higher level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the minimum log level for the messages to be stored. For all messages with the selected and higher level a log will be created.
```
Mein Vorschlag ist nicht wirklich schön ;), kannst du sicher verbessern, aber ich finde den ursprunglichen Satz schwer zu verstehen und redundant (minimun - selected and higher level).

> Define the minimum log level from which all messages will be stored with the selected and higher level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the minimum log level for the messages to be stored.
```
Ich finde den zweiten Teil redundant. Es ist auch weiter unten in der Info wiederholt.

Messages with the log levels *Emergency*, *Alert*, *Critical*, *Error* and *Warning* are always stored.

#### Prerequisites

No prerequisites to fulfill.

#### Procedure

*Omni-Channel > Settings > Tab LOGGING*

> ![Logging](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Logging/Logging.png "[Logging]")

Reviewer: Screenshot mit ausgeklapptem Menü ok? (Persönlich stört mich nicht, aber ich dachte, das wollten wir nicht. Kurze RS dazu?

> > [Info] By default, the *Log Level* menu entry in the left *Setting* side menu is preselected if you click the *LOGGING* tab for the first time in your current session.

Reviewer: Settings? (DE = Einstellungen)

> 1. If necessary, click the *Log Level* menu entry in the left *Settings* side menu.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If necessary, click the *Log level* menu entry in the left *Settings* side menu.   
```
Durchgängig

> 1. If necessary, click the *Log Level* menu entry in the left *Setting* side menu.   

Reviewer: Settings?

  The *Log Level* view is displayed on the right side.

2. Disable the *Apply from default* toggle in the upper right corner.   
  The *Min Log Level* drop-down list is unlocked.

> 3. Click the *Min Log Level* drop-down list and select the desired option. The following log levels are available (in descending order):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the *Min log level* drop-down list and select the desired option. The following log levels are available (in descending order):
```
Groß/Kleinschreibung (?)

  - **Warning**
  - **Notice**
  - **Info**
  - **Debug**

> 

Reviewer: Indentation

  > [Info] All messages with the selected or a higher log level will be stored. The retention time for the individual log levels has to be defined separately, see [Define the retention time](#define-the-retention-time).

  ![Logging](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Logging/LogLevel.png "[Logging]")

> 

Reviewer: Screenshot mit ausgeklapptem Menü?

4. Click the [SAVE] button in the upper right corner.   
  The changes are saved. The *Saving successful* pop-up window is displayed.

>   ![Saving successful](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Logging/SavingSuccessful.png "[Saving successful]")

Reviewer: Check indentation

## Define the retention time

By default, all logs are automatically deleted after one day. You can edit the log lifetime and define a custom lifetime.

#### Prerequisites

No prerequisites to fulfill.

#### Procedure

*Omni-Channel > Settings > Tab LOGGING*

![Logging](../../Assets/Screenshots/Channels/Settings/Logging/Logging.png "[Logging]")

> 1. Click the log level of the log message whose retention time you want to edit in the left *Setting* side menu. The following logs levels are available:

Reviewer: log level of message / level of log message? Beides?
